[Music]
hey
chef burn hey
this came friday they said only the
addressee could sign for it so i
pretended to be you
almost in works i'm so damn handsome
that's the last night are you idiots
[Music]
it starts in two hours what does
i don't know
capsule sits upon 25 tons
highly combustible ethyl alcohol and
liquid oxygen
powering a rocket iron engine that
provides 78
000 pounds of thrust now if these
specifications sound familiar it's
because
well we've essentially removed the core
from a nuclear missile
and we want to put you in its place
[Music]
very late now would we like to test the
mercury redstone system for years before
risking a man's life yes but are we
afforded such a luxury with the russians
sneaking satellites through our backyard
we are not
[Music]
let's go
now you gentlemen are accustomed to
testing dangerous
unproven aircraft and yet somehow
you've made it this far in one piece
most of you have families
you have careers you have lives that
could all
come to an abrupt halt if you sign on to
this endeavor
we want to take 32 of your lovelace
clinic for medical evaluations
but only seven of you will have what it
takes and those seven
will be the mercury astronauts now we
have a fantastic
agency in the making but to be frank the
russians
are sprinting around the track and we
are still at the starting block tying
our shoelaces
we need to work fast we need to work
smart
and we need the best our very way of
life
is at stake the choice is yours
gentlemen
sleep on it call your wives
get word to mr lonnie by morning
huh
[Music]
you